"I’m always excited for the start of summer.
Take advantage of the extra hours of daylight and get lost in one of these great books: http://b-gat.es/2sMbIFr"
"The time has never been better to make a difference in the world.
That’s why Melinda and I are building a community of trailblazers to end poverty, protect the environment, and ensure prosperity for all. 
Join our Facebook event for updates."
"Happy Father’s Day, Dad!
Thank you for making me into the man I am today. I am so lucky and proud to be your son."
"In 1988, there were 40 new polio cases an hour… 
But in all of 2016, there were just 40 total cases. 
We’re closer now than we have ever been to eradicating polio. Here’s how we get to zero: http://b-gat.es/2sgjGDp"
When I visited Kenya last year, I saw firsthand how M-Pesa is transforming the daily lives of people across the country by making it easier to send and receive money.
"Chuck Thacker was an inspired visionary. 
Today’s computing would not have been possible without his efforts..."
"By almost any measure, the world is getting better. People are living longer, healthier lives. Extreme poverty is below 10 percent. We eradicated smallpox. 
When we add the end of polio to the list—and I’m certain we will—it will be another triumph for humankind."
"Ever since I was a little kid, I’ve always tried to avoid picking fights with guys who look like John Cena. But if we’re on the same team, I’ll gladly enter the ring with him.
John and I tag teamed the Today Show to discuss the fight to end polio: http://b-gat.es/2sZ2YZn"
Because of Canada’s support, we are breathtakingly close to wiping polio off the map for good.
"Because of efforts to eradicate polio by groups like Rotary International, more than 16 million people are walking today who would otherwise have been paralyzed. 
I’m honored to speak with these heroes about what it will take to wipe polio off the map for good."
"There is one place I visit every spring no matter what… 
Omaha, Nebraska, the site of Berkshire Hathaway’s annual shareholders weekend with my friend Warren Buffett."
"This is a moving story by Dr. Raj Panjabi. 
His life experiences motivated him to help bring health care to people “too hard to reach and too difficult to serve.”"
"Ethiopia used to have one of the highest child mortality rates in the world. Today, it’s a model that other countries are following.
This innovative program is a major reason why: http://b-gat.es/2rKlVyG"
"Warren says to be successful at almost anything you need this one trait… 
I couldn’t agree more."
"Melinda briefly considered quitting her dream job… 
She explains what she did instead in her letter to women graduating with computer science degrees."
Although the Berkshire shareholders weekend is always busy, Warren and I usually find time to goof off: http://b-gat.es/2s0Og6L
"I’ve been enjoying Reid Hoffman’s new podcast, Masters of Scale.
I joined him to talk about advice I would give my younger self…"
"At age 92, President Jimmy Carter is as sharp as ever.
I loved reading about his improbable rise to the world’s highest office: http://b-gat.es/2sKfSJL"
"Yuval Noah Harari thinks the human race is in trouble.
I’m more hopeful than he is—but his provocative new book is still worth a look…"
I am deeply concerned with the decision to take our country out of the Paris Agreement. It will not, however, deter efforts like our Breakthrough Energy Ventures from investing in the companies and technologies that will provide reliable, affordable energy that doesn’t contribute to climate change. We look forward to continuing to work closely with all countries that share that vision. I am hopeful that the United States will continue its bipartisan commitment to developing the innovative foundation for those new technologies by supporting our world leading labs and universities.
There has been incredible progress since the last Ebola outbreak, thanks in large part to the leadership and support of the U.S. But we can’t let up…
"There has been incredible progress since the last Ebola outbreak.
This is why we can’t let up…"
"When Warren Buffett, Melinda, and I launched the Giving Pledge in 2010, we had no idea how many people would join us in the pledge…
Today, we’re happy to welcome 14 new members to the group, which brings the total to 168 people from 21 countries who have dedicated the majority of their wealth to philanthropy.
It’s a great way to learn from each other about how to get the most impact out of every dollar and every hour of effort."
As a longtime fan of The Daily Show, I loved reading this memoir about how Trevor Noah honed his approach to comedy: http://b-gat.es/2qo4Qbw
"What is your favorite place to read?
This is one of my favorite spots to escape into the world of a great book: http://b-gat.es/2qAFMhJ"
I was blown away by this poetic novel about love and grief. It reminded me of some of the people I meet when I travel: http://b-gat.es/2qqluYM
"Game, set, match.
Thanks to Roger Federer, John Isner, Mike McCready, and everyone who helped raise more than $2 million for Roger’s foundation."
"I am not a self-made man. My parents started me off in life with every possible advantage.
So the disadvantaged world J.D. Vance describes in his terrific, heartbreaking book Hillbilly Elegy is one that I know only vicariously.
While the book offers insights into some of the complex cultural and family issues behind poverty, the real magic lies in the story itself and Vance’s bravery in telling it."
#RedNoseDay is here. Tune in live tonight. Our foundation will match all donations made on Facebook up to $1 million.
All of these books will transport you somewhere else–whether you’re sitting on a beach towel or on your own couch: http://b-gat.es/2qPIW4m
"Summer is just around the corner.
Whether you're headed to the beach or the park, I would recommend that you bring along one of these books: http://b-gat.es/2qNr2Qj"
"You may have seen in the news that elected officials in Washington, D.C., are working on next year’s federal budget. One of the ideas that has been floated is to make deep cuts in foreign aid—the investments that America makes to help other countries fight poverty and disease.
That would be a big mistake.
For one thing, these programs amount to less than 1 percent of the federal budget. For anyone worried about the budget deficit, cutting 1 percent will not make a dent.
More importantly, these programs give American taxpayers a phenomenal return on investment, one of the best anywhere in government.
They do this in three ways:
1. Making Americans safer and the world more stable
2. Creating jobs at home and promote trading partners that will buy American goods
3. Saving lives and building up health systems so other countries can take better care of their people
Together these three points make the strategic case for aid—the argument that aid helps the countries that give it as well as those that receive it.
These are the arguments I have been making in Washington on behalf of American aid. All reasons why I believe this money is well-spent and ought to be maintained."
Honored to welcome Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to Seattle this week.
"I was lucky to be in my early 20s when the digital revolution was just getting under way, and Paul Allen and I had the chance to help shape it. 
If I were starting out today and looking for the same kind of opportunity to make a big impact in the world, I would consider these fields: http://b-gat.es/2pHLHGa"
Foreign aid gives American taxpayers a phenomenal return on investment, one of the best anywhere in government.
"An incredible feat...
Thanks to India’s leadership, vaccines will help protect millions of kids against pneumonia: http://b-gat.es/2qtmVqf"
Red Nose Day is coming…pass it on.
"College seniors just accomplished something I never managed to do—earn a college degree.
Here’s my advice for the Class of 2017…"
Happy Mother’s Day, Melinda Gates! Being a parent with you is the greatest joy of my life.
"“The world owes a debt of gratitude to these fiercely determined frontline health workers, but their stories too often go untold.”
I was inspired to hear about the women Melinda met on a recent trip to Indonesia. I think you will be too."
"This year, our foundation will match up to $1 million in donations for #RedNoseDay to help ensure kids are safe, healthy, educated, and empowered.
Participate with your friends by setting up your own Facebook fundraiser for Red Nose Day USA or donate directly to Red Nose Day USA."
Join me in Ethiopia and meet some remarkable women who are helping improve the health of millions of children…
"What is the path to a meaningful life?
Our Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation CEO Sue Desmond-Hellmann shared some excellent advice with the Class of 2017."
"The Roger Federer Charitable Fund, Inc.  is an impressive organization that is partnering with local NGOs in six countries in southern Africa to improve education there.
I had a lot of fun playing tennis with Roger last week to support their goal of reaching 1 million children by the end of next year.
I wrote about the experience on my blog: http://b-gat.es/2pOVvL9"
"India has an ambitious goal of installing 75 million toilets by 2019.
A toilet-locator tool makes them easier than ever to find: http://b-gat.es/2pOGDwo"
I got to check an item off my bucket list and help a great cause too...
"I try to visit India at least once a year.
I’m inspired by something new every time: http://b-gat.es/2pyCAX2"
Getting ready to take the court with Roger Federer for a great cause. You can watch me try to keep up here on my Facebook page in 30 minutes...
"We couldn't find a better man to play the national anthem at the Match for Africa tomorrow...thrilled to have Mike McCready from Pearl Jam! You can watch live tomorrow at 5:30 here on Facebook.
It’s great to see Seattle embrace the belief that all children deserve a world-class education and support the work the Roger Federer Charitable Fund, Inc. does for children throughout southern Africa."
Cool…This solar-powered device pulls drinking water out of thin air.
"Nearly three years ago, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi put a spotlight on a subject that most of us would rather not even think about. 
Even better, he backed up his words with actions..."
"This is a dream come true…I'm a huge fan of Roger Federer's work on and off the court, and this Saturday I’ll get to play a match alongside him (which you can watch live here on Facebook).
Roger’s foundation does great work to support education in Africa. If you want to get involved, you can make a donation directly to the Roger Federer Charitable Fund, Inc. using the “Donate” button below."
On my most recent visit to India, I made this 360 degree video about an amazing undertaking…
This is progress…The malaria death rate in sub-Saharan Africa fell by 57% between 2000 and 2015. #WorldMalariaDay
"Mike Bloomberg is one of my favorite people to talk to about climate and energy.
I’ve learned a lot from his collaborative approach."
Yes, these pictures are disturbing. But the diseases that disfigure people like this can be stopped. Here’s how: http://b-gat.es/2oxWxsX
Page through the Guinness Book of World Records (as I did) and you’ll learn that a lot can happen in 24 hours: http://b-gat.es/2ov3mw5
"There are diseases that we don’t see anywhere but in the tropics—and they’re often horrific.
I wanted to share some thoughts about what we can do to help the 1.6 billion people who are affected..."
"Melinda’s work on behalf of women and girls inspires me every day. 
This is a beautiful piece: http://b-gat.es/2pjU4XW"
"What is the record for most drugs donated in a 24-hour period?
The answer might surprise you…"
"1 in 6 people in the world – about 1.5 billion people in all – suffer from at least one of more than a dozen horrific diseases you may have never heard of.
But there's good news…All of them can be prevented and the world is making progress."
"Trypanosomiasis. Dracunculiasis. Schistosomiasis.
It’s hard to pronounce these diseases, but it’s easy to understand why we should all care about them."
Not surprisingly, I agree: Thinking like a programmer helps you tackle all kinds of problems in life: http://b-gat.es/2nNaPu8
I loved Ed Yong's latest book and now he’s written about an ingenious way to track mosquitoes.
"At first glance, it’s easy to miss the impact new innovations can have on the world.
To show you what I mean, I invite you to play a game of hide and seek (in 360 degrees)…"
"You won’t see change if you don’t look for it. 
These five simple solutions are having a big impact on the lives of the world’s poorest."
"Join Roger Federer, John Isner and me in Seattle for a night of world-class tennis benefiting the Roger Federer Foundation to support children’s education in Africa.
Well, Roger and John’s tennis will be world-class. Mine, not so much…"
I’ve been preparing for this moment my entire life: www.match-for-africa-seattle.com #TBT
Tennis, anyone?
"On a recent trip to Indonesia, Melinda spoke with women and girls whose future would be affected by proposed cuts to U.S. foreign aid.
Their stories are a reminder of what’s at stake."
"Germophobes, rest easy...
There are 100 species of bacteria that cause infectious disease. But hundreds of thousands of them live peacefully within us: http://b-gat.es/2nPJPcf"
"A timely piece…
Now more than ever, we need to invest in vaccines, drugs, and diagnostics to prevent the next epidemic."
There were some really big surprises in this fascinating book about microbes.
"One of my favorite trips to China was in 1995 with Melinda, my father, and Warren.
I learn something new every time I visit. This trip was no different: http://b-gat.es/2mQ5Us0"
I always enjoy receiving book recommendations, so when our foundation’s CEO left a book on my desk from this author, I couldn’t wait to pick it up.
The Economist on how cutting aid and diplomacy will make America weaker…
"Great to be back at Peking University in Beijing.
These students made me feel incredibly optimistic about the future."
"If you live in a wealthy country, you might think that TB is a disease of the past. 
It’s not. TB still kills about 1.8 million people every year. 
But if the world works together, I am confident that we can make TB history. #WorldTBDay"
"What if sunlight could power your car?
That’s the dream of this California Institute of Technology - Caltech professor and his research team."
"Want an example of foreign aid that is an undeniable success?
There are 11 million people with HIV who are alive today because of The U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR): http://b-gat.es/2np6Suh"
I recently visited a lab doing super-cool energy work—a good reminder of why governments should sponsor R&D: http://b-gat.es/2nQmGDZ
"15 years ago, I got involved in global health to save and improve lives around the world.
That’s still my motivation today, but I’ve come to see that foreign aid helps keep Americans safe too: http://b-gat.es/2mXOA2C"
"Protecting Americans, preventing epidemics, strengthening markets, saving lives...
Foreign aid delivers phenomenal benefits, and for a bargain."
"A mind-blowing fact…
More energy from the sun hits the Earth in one hour than humans use in an entire year."
"It’s hard to overstate how much the world needs clean, affordable, reliable energy.
I just visited a lab that is working on an energy miracle: http://b-gat.es/2n7bsgR"
"I’ve always admired doctors. They have to make impossibly hard decisions, and so much of their work has life-and-death implications. 
This book, written by a young surgeon with terminal cancer, earned my admiration—and tears: http://b-gat.es/2myT4wr"
"I was touched by Paul Kalanithi’s posthumous memoir, “When Breath Becomes Air.”
It’s the best nonfiction book I’ve read in a long time."
I’ve been enjoying this NPR series on our relationship with germs. It's a fascinating history.
I’ll be joining Reddit for an Ask Me Anything today at 9 AM PST... Any questions?
People ask us all the time how they can help in the fight against child mortality–and we are always proud to recommend making a donation to UNICEF, an organization that is successful at serving families and children worldwide. We hope your gift will help inspire others to get involved as well.
"Polio will soon be history. In our lifetimes, malaria will end. No one will die from AIDS. Few people will get TB. Children everywhere will be well nourished. And the death of a child in the developing world will be just as rare as the death of a child in the rich world.
We can’t put a date on these events, and we don’t know the sequence, but we’re confident of one thing: The future will surprise the pessimists."
"There were 350,000 new polio cases in 1988. Last year, there were 37.
This is why I spent more time last year on polio than anything else: http://b-gat.es/2leNHPV"
"Whether it’s in business or at McDonald’s, Warren loves a good deal.
Here’s how we’ve brought this principle to saving children’s lives: http://b-gat.es/2l5JBJN  #TBT"
"Saving children’s lives is at the heart of our foundation’s work.
Here are three simple, proven lifesavers..."
"When I first started traveling to Africa, I would meet kids in the villages I was visiting and try to guess their ages.
I was amazed how often I was wrong: http://b-gat.es/2lDQTHN"
"Extreme poverty has been cut in half over the last 25 years.
That’s a big accomplishment that ought to make everyone more optimistic: http://b-gat.es/2l4uZKM"
"Our friend Warren Buffett is one of the greatest investors of all time.
Here we discuss one of the best investments he’s ever made: http://b-gat.es/2kEDsYZ"
"On July 12, 2016, a baby boy was born to a family outside Johannesburg in South Africa. Three days later, he died. His parents graciously gave me permission to be present at his autopsy.
It’s not enough to know that a newborn died from asphyxia or sepsis or prematurity; we need to find out what causes these conditions, so we can find the tools to prevent them. Fortunately, one researcher figured out how to do a minimally invasive autopsy, and when parents were asked if they would allow that procedure for their babies, a huge majority said yes.
The research is crucial to saving more newborns. It is the most high-stakes work we fund: solving mysteries to save lives."