"Back at Wellesley College today to talk to the Class of 2017 about what comes next. <ed><U+00A0><U+00BD><ed><U+00B2><U+00AA><U+270A><U+FE0F>
Watch:"
See you all tonight!
NA
Let resistance plus persistence equal progress…here was my message to Democrats today.
"Before this year ends, I want to thank you again for your support of our campaign. While we didn't achieve the outcome we sought, I'm proud of the vision and values we fought for and the nearly 66 million people who voted for them.
I believe it is our responsibility to keep doing our part to build a better, stronger, and fairer future for our country and the world.
The holidays are a time to be thankful for our blessings. So let us rejoice in this season and look forward with renewed hope and determination.
I wish you and your family health, happiness, and continued strength for the New Year and the work ahead. I look forward to staying in touch in 2017. Onward!
With deep appreciation and warm wishes, I am,
Yours,
Hillary"
"Hillary for America general counsel Marc Elias on listening and responding to calls for an audit and recount:
""Over the last few days, officials in the Clinton campaign have received hundreds of messages, emails, and calls urging us to do something, anything, to investigate claims that the election results were hacked and altered in a way to disadvantage Secretary Clinton. The concerns have arisen, in particular, with respect to Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania — three states that together proved decisive in this presidential election and where the combined margin of victory for Donald Trump was merely 107,000 votes.
It should go without saying that we take these concerns extremely seriously. We certainly understand the heartbreak felt by so many who worked so hard to elect Hillary Clinton, and it is a fundamental principle of our democracy to ensure that every vote is properly counted.
Moreover, this election cycle was unique in the degree of foreign interference witnessed throughout the campaign: the U.S. government concluded that Russian state actors were behind the hacks of the Democratic National Committee and the personal email accounts of Hillary for America campaign officials, and just yesterday, the Washington Post reported that the Russian government was behind much of the “fake news” propaganda that circulated online in the closing weeks of the election.
For all these reasons, we have quietly taken a number of steps in the last two weeks to rule in or out any possibility of outside interference in the vote tally in these critical battleground states.
First, since the day after the election we have had lawyers and data scientists and analysts combing over the results to spot anomalies that would suggest a hacked result. These have included analysts both from within the campaign and outside, with backgrounds in politics, technology and academia.
Second, we have had numerous meetings and calls with various outside experts to hear their concerns and to discuss and review their data and findings. As a part of this, we have also shared out data and findings with them. Most of those discussions have remained private, while at least one has unfortunately been the subject of leaks.
Third, we have attempted to systematically catalogue and investigate every theory that has been presented to us within our ability to do so.
Fourth, we have examined the laws and practices as they pertain to recounts, contests and audits.
Fifth, and most importantly, we have monitored and staffed the post-election canvasses — where voting machine tapes are compared to poll-books, provisional ballots are resolved, and all of the math is double checked from election night. During that process, we have seen Secretary Clinton’s vote total grow, so that, today, her national popular vote lead now exceeds more than 2 million votes.
In the coming days, we will continue to perform our due diligence and actively follow all further activities that are to occur prior to the certification of any election results. For instance, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania conduct post-election audits using a sampling of precincts. Michigan and many other states still do not. This is unfortunate; it is our strong belief that, in addition to an election canvass, every state should do this basic audit to ensure accuracy and public confidence in the election.
Beyond the post-election audit, Green Party candidate Jill Stein announced Friday that she will exercise her right as a candidate to pursue a recount in the state of Wisconsin. She has indicated plans to also seek recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan.
Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology, we had not planned to exercise this option ourselves, but now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides. If Jill Stein follows through as she has promised and pursues recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan, we will take the same approach in those states as well. We do so fully aware that the number of votes separating Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the closest of these states — Michigan — well exceeds the largest margin ever overcome in a recount. But regardless of the potential to change the outcome in any of the states, we feel it is important, on principle, to ensure our campaign is legally represented in any court proceedings and represented on the ground in order to monitor the recount process itself.
The campaign is grateful to all those who have expended time and effort to investigate various claims of abnormalities and irregularities. While that effort has not, in our view, resulted in evidence of manipulation of results, now that a recount is underway, we believe we have an obligation to the more than 64 million Americans who cast ballots for Hillary Clinton to participate in ongoing proceedings to ensure that an accurate vote count will be reported."""
"For the sake of our children and our families and our country, I ask you to stay engaged, stay engaged on every level. We need you. America needs you. Your energy, your ambition, your talent. That’s how we get through this. That’s how we help to make our contributions to bend the arc of the moral universe toward justice. I know this isn’t easy, I know that over the past week, a lot of people have asked themselves whether America is the country we thought it was. The divisions laid bare by this election run deep, but please listen to me when I say this. America is worth it. Our children are worth it. Believe in our country, fight for our values and never, ever give up." —Hillary
Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart
"Last night, I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country. I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.
This is not the outcome we wanted or we worked so hard for, and I’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country.
But I feel pride and gratitude for this wonderful campaign that we built together—this vast, diverse, creative, unruly, energized campaign. You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.
I know how disappointed you feel, because I feel it too. And so do tens of millions of Americans who invested their hopes and dreams in this effort. This is painful, and it will be for a long time. But I want you to remember this: Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love—and about building an America that’s hopeful, inclusive, and big-hearted.
We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America—and I always will. And if you do, too, then we must accept this result—and then look to the future.
Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.
Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power, and we don’t just respect that, we cherish it. It also enshrines other things—the rule of law, the principle that we’re all equal in rights and dignity, and the freedom of worship and expression. We respect and cherish these things too—and we must defend them.
And let me add: Our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time. So let’s do all we can to keep advancing the causes and values we all hold dear: making our economy work for everyone, not just those at the top; protecting our country and protecting our planet; and breaking down all the barriers that hold anyone back from achieving their dreams.
We’ve spent a year and a half bringing together millions of people from every corner of our country to say with one voice that we believe that the American Dream is big enough for everyone—for people of all races and religions, for men and women, for immigrants, for LGBT people, and people with disabilities. Our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will. I am so grateful to stand with all of you.
I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey. It gives me great hope and comfort to know that Tim will remain on the front-lines of our democracy, representing Virginia in the Senate.
To Barack and Michelle Obama: Our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude for your graceful, determined leadership, and so do I.
To Bill, Chelsea, Marc, Charlotte, Aidan, our brothers, and our entire family, my love for you means more than I can ever express.
You crisscrossed this country on my behalf and lifted me up when I needed it most—even 4-month-old Aidan traveling with his mom.
I will always be grateful to the creative, talented, dedicated men and women at our headquarters in Brooklyn and across our country who poured their hearts into this campaign. For you veterans, this was a campaign after a campaign — for some of you, this was your first campaign ever. I want each of you to know that you were the best campaign anyone has had.
To all the volunteers, community leaders, activists, and union organizers who knocked on doors, talked to neighbors, posted on Facebook—even in secret or in private: Thank you.
To everyone who sent in contributions as small as $5 and kept us going, thank you.
And to all the young people in particular, I want you to hear this. I’ve spent my entire adult life fighting for what I believe in. I’ve had successes and I’ve had setbacks—sometimes really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your careers. You will have successes and setbacks, too.
This loss hurts. But please, please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it. It’s always worth it. And we need you keep up these fights now and for the rest of your lives.
To all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me, I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion.
I know that we still have not shattered that highest glass ceiling. But some day someone will—hopefully sooner than we might think right now.
And to all the little girls watching right now, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world.
Finally, I am grateful to our country for all it has given me.
I count my blessings every day that I am an American. And I still believe, as deeply as I ever have, that if we stand together and work together, with respect for our differences, strength in our convictions, and love for this nation—our best days are still ahead of us.
You know I believe we are stronger together and will go forward together. And you should never be sorry that you fought for that.
Scripture tells us: “Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.”
My friends, let us have faith in each other. Let us not grow weary. Let us not lose heart. For there are more seasons to come and there is more work to do.
I am incredibly honored and grateful to have had this chance to represent all of you in this consequential election. May God bless you and God bless the United States of America."
Watch Hillary deliver remarks on the election from New York City.
NA
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything.
Remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! Have a question? Call 1-917-444-5915.
"Election Day is almost over. Don’t wait—go vote now! 
Confirm where you vote at hillaryclinton.com/locate."
"Les pido que elijan, compatriotas, a esta luchadora, a esta mujer de Estado, a esta madre... Nuestra próxima presidenta de los Estados Unidos de América ¡Hillary Clinton!" —Presidente Obama hillaryclinton.com/buscador
Our neighbors in battleground states need your help. Make calls right from your phone to remind fellow Hillary supporters to go vote:
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift:
It's going to be close, and we need you on this team. Confirm where to vote today:
If you’ve already voted, jump on the phone and remind voters in key battleground states to go vote: hillaryclinton.com/calls
"I am asking you to elect...this fighter, this mother, this grandmother, this patriot—our next president of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton!" —President Obama hillaryclinton.com/locate
Already voted? That's great! Now help Hillary win by signing up to make calls now:
Happy Election Day! hillaryclinton.com/locate
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: hillaryclinton.com/gotv
Todo por lo que hemos trabajado se decide hoy. Comparte esto si apoyas a Hillary: hillaryclinton.com/buscador
Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. Share this if you're voting for Hillary: hillaryclinton.com/locate
Let’s go make some history today. hillaryclinton.com/locate
It's Election Day! Millions of Americans have cast their votes for Hillary—join them and confirm where you vote: hillaryclinton.com/locate
Es el Día de la Elección y los centros de votación están oficialmente abiertos. ¿A qué hora vas a ir a votar? Verifica dónde votar en: hillaryclinton.com/buscador
It’s Election Day and polls are officially open. When will you vote today? Confirm where to go here: hillaryclinton.com/locate
"There's no such thing as a vote that doesn't count. Today, you can make the difference.
Share this—and go vote! hillaryclinton.com/locate"
"Hoy, les pido su voto. Mañana, hagamos historia juntos" —Hillary hillaryclinton.com/buscador
hillaryclinton.com/locate
Join Hillary for her last rally of the campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina:
Stronger together.
"You want to give me a good send off? Go vote!" —President Obama hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"Let’s make history!" —Hillary
You don’t want to miss this one: Join Hillary, President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, President Bill Clinton, and Chelsea Clinton live in Philly on the eve of Election Day.
Latino voters are turning out in record numbers to vote. Will you be part of this? Confirm where you'll vote tomorrow: hillaryclinton.com/locate
Tomorrow, we have the chance to stand up for the America we believe in. Share this if you're voting. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"""When Hillary was young, her mom taught her the Methodist Creed:  Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as you ever can. That’s her North Star. That’s what guides her. She believes in that. She believes we can summon what’s best in each of us and make this country better for all of us.  
That’s what America is about. We are a country like no other not because of the size of our skyscrapers or the power of our armies, but because we are a place founded for the sake of an idea. 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, endowed by our Creator with certain inalienable rights.' We don’t have to be born into wealth or privilege in this country. We don’t have to practice a certain faith. We don’t have to have a certain last name. We just have to be willing to contribute. We just have to be willing to put our shoulder to the wheel of history, and we can be a part of this community that we call America.  
That’s what drove patriots to choose revolution over tyranny. That’s what led GIs to liberate a continent. That’s what gave women the courage to reach for the ballot. That’s what gave marchers the courage to cross a bridge in Selma. That’s what allowed workers to organize for collective bargaining and better wages. That’s what made America exceptional. That’s what makes America great.  
In other words, America depends on you—you, all of you. America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. I didn’t say 'Yes, I can.' I said, 'Yes, we can.' It’s about what can be achieved by us, each of us, together, through that hard, slow, and, yes, sometimes frustrating work of self-government. That means all of us."" —President Obama"
"Look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history." —Beyoncé hillaryclinton.com/locate
Share this if you know someone who needs to see it. hillaryclinton.com/locate
"Today, I'm asking for your vote. Tomorrow, let's make history together." —Hillary hillaryclinton.com/locate
"Women's rights are human rights"—and 133 more reasons Hillary should be our next president.
Our children and grandchildren will look back at the choice we make on Tuesday. Let's make them proud. hillaryclinton.com/locate
Tomorrow caps an amazing journey, but the work we have to do is just beginning. What I’ve seen these past 17 months makes it clear to me that we’re up to the challenge, because we truly are stronger together.
A rally fit for a King. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"Somos mejores que la intolerancia, el miedo y el odio.
Comparte <U+200B>esto si estás de acuerdo. hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar"
This one's for you, Hillary.
California, stay in line! It’s the last day to early vote for Hillary. Have a question at the polls? Call 1-844-IM4-HILL.
Florida in the rain.
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan. He was 27 years old and he was a Muslim American. I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your America?”
Hillary and LeBron James are live in Cleveland with two days to go. Watch right here on Facebook:
NA
"We know the progress we've made, despite the forces of opposition, despite the forces of discrimination ... and we intend to keep fighting against those forces." —President Obama hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
The photos that tell the story of Hillary’s career and what she stands for.
"We are better than bigotry, fear, and hate.
Share this if you agree. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan"
"10 minutes of Donald Trump demeaning, objectifying, and insulting women. 
If you're horrified too, confirm where you'll vote on Tuesday: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan"
"I’m closing this campaign the way that I started my career, fighting for kids and families, standing up for fairness and opportunity, for justice, equality, taking on all those kitchen table issues that keep people up at night." —Hillary
“Lo que estoy diciendo es que sacar a los inmigrantes indocumentados de las sombras y llevarlos a la economía formal sería bueno. Porque entonces los empleadores no pueden explotarlos ni rebajar los salarios de los estadounidenses. Y Donald sabe mucho de esto. Él usó a trabajadores indocumentados para construir la Trump Tower. Pagó menos a los trabajadores indocumentados. Y cuando se quejaron, él les dijo lo que dicen muchos empleadores, ‘si te quejas, serás deportado’. Yo quiero que todos salgan de las sombras, hacer que la economía funcione y evitar que empleadores como Donald Trump exploten a los trabajadores indocumentados, lastimándolos y a todos los trabajadores estadounidenses”.
hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
We face a serious choice on Tuesday: Will we act to protect the planet for our kids and grandkids, or do nothing? hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
On this day in 1872, Susan B. Anthony voted in a presidential election—and was then arrested. Almost 50 years later, the Nineteenth Amendment was ratified, prohibiting states from denying women the right to vote. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Five women older than their right to vote share why they're with Hillary: hrc.io/2frj6gj
"For respect.
For the future.
For our planet.
On Tuesday, they're gonna hear us roar: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan"
When they go low...we vote: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Your vote could make all the difference. Confirm where you'll cast your vote for Hillary: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
The story of this campaign.
If you believe in a better, stronger, fairer America: vote. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"Trump basó su campaña en atacar a latinos e inmigrantes.
Ahora, ellos tienen el poder de frenarlo, votando: hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar"
NA
Share this if you agree we need to keep moving forward, not back. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Ask yourself: Is this man fit to be the next president of the United States?
"That reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings."
hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Más de 200 milllones de personas ya se han registrado y el número continúa aumentando. Haz tu plan para votar aquí: hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar
"La decisión que tomemos en cuatro días tendrá un efecto en nuestro país
por décadas. hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar
Comparte esto si estás de acuerdo:"
"I'm with her!" —Beyoncé
More people are voting in this election than ever before. Make a plan to vote today: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"Beyoncé&
JAY Z&
Hillary&
You?
hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan"
Donald Trump is running the most divisive, hateful, and dangerous campaign in history. Make a plan to vote, and share this with a friend to keep him out of the White House: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
The energy we're seeing on this campaign isn't about what we're against; it's about what we're for—a hopeful, inclusive America where everyone counts and everyone has a place. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"I sorta get away with things like that." —Donald Trump, on bursting into Miss Universe pageant dressing rooms
"You are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. You are proof that Black Girl Magic is real." —Hillary hrc.io/2f2kFTr
"The decision we make in four days will affect our country for decades. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Share this if you agree:"
NA
NA
Will Ferrell: comedian, actor, just your average millennial.
"""The good news is, all of you are uniquely qualified to make sure this guy who is uniquely unqualified does not become President. You just got to vote. You just got to vote. And the nice thing is, you don’t just have to vote against that guy because you’ve got a candidate who is actually worthy of your vote—who is smart, and who is steady, and who is tested, is probably the most qualified person ever to run for this office, and that is the next President of the United States, Hillary Clinton.
Hillary, she just works through whatever is in front of her. She’s got grit and she’s got resilience. And if she gets knocked down, she just comes back up and she goes back at it. And she knows, most importantly, what the decisions that a President makes means to you.  
This isn’t abstract stuff we’re talking about here. If you’re a student, whether you get a Pell grant or were able to make sure that you don’t have a mountain of debt when you get out of school, that depends on decisions that are made in part by the President. If you’re a soldier, whether you get deployed to some far-off land, that is up to the Commander-in-Chief. If you’re a young person who was brought to this country as a child, has grown up as an American but maybe doesn’t have the papers and now you’re trying to figure out how you can contribute to this country you call home, that is something the President has influence over. Veterans, seniors, a single mom who needs some help with child care—that’s what these decisions are about. And Hillary understands that, and she knows those folks need a champion.
And she’s actually got plans to help. She’s actually got plans. The other guy is not a big plan guy. She’s got plans. She can show you how she’s going to make sure more people have early childhood education. She’s going to show how young people can have more affordable college education. And while she’s executing those plans, she’s also going to respect working Americans and the values we care about."" —President Obama"
Comparte esto si piensas que los niños y las familias merecen a alguien que luche por ellos en la Casa Blanca. hillaryclinton.com/planparavotar
"""I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has."" —Donald Trump
About that:"
Imagine a president who said all of these things.
The Central Park Five were exonerated. What does it say about Trump that he thinks they should still be in prison?
Join Hillary on the trail in North Carolina with Bernie Sanders and Pharrell Williams. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
NA
"First lady of Arkansas
First lady of the United States
Senator
Secretary of state
President? That's up to you:
hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan"
Don’t miss out! Join them: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
"Trump has built his campaign on demonizing Latinos and immigrants.
Latino voters have the power to stop him. Vote: hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan"
Share this if you think kids and families deserve a champion in the White House. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan