While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help w/ North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
The Democrats don’t want you to know how much we’ve accomplished. While they do nothing but obstruct and distract, we continue to work hard on fulfilling our promises to YOU!
Big day today. VOTE Handel (GA-6) and Norman (SC-5) for Congress. These two will be a tremendous help in our fight for lower taxes, stronger security, and great healthcare!
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim.
GREAT job Ivanka Trump!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, June 20th:
Daily intelligence briefing
Meeting with National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster (drop-in by Vice President Mike Pence and President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine)
Legislative Affairs lunch
Dinner with Vice President Mike Pence and Mrs. Karen Pence"
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 U.S. Navy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families.
"Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier on his untimely passing.
There is nothing more tragic for a parent than to lose a child in the prime of life. Our thoughts and prayers are with Otto’s family and friends, and all who loved him. 
Full Statement: whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/06/19/statement-president-donald-j-trump-passing-otto-warmbier"
Thank you Wyatt and Montana — two young Americans who aren’t afraid to stand up for what they believe in. Our movement to #MAGA is working because of great people like you!
Melania and I were honored to welcome President Juan Carlos Varela and Mrs. Varela of Panama to the White House today.
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Fake News!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, June 19th:
Daily intelligence briefing
Welcomes President Juan Carlos Varela and Mrs. Varela of Panama
Meeting with President Varela
Working luncheon with President Varela
American Technology Council roundtable
American Technology Council reception"
This is the message I want every young American to hear: there is dignity in every honest job, and there is nobility in every honest worker.
I am canceling the last administration’s completely one-sided deal with Cuba, and seeking a MUCH better deal for the Cuban people and for the United States of America.
Now that I am President, America will expose the crimes of the Castro regime and stand with the Cuban people in their struggle for freedom.
America will always stand for liberty, and America will always pray and cheer for the freedom of the Cuban people.
Despite the phony witch hunt going on in America, we are doing GREAT! Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up! #MAGA
Great news! #MAGA
"Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at WCTC with Ivanka Trump and Governor Scott Walker. 
More: 45.wh.gov/BXYooL"
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, June 16th:
Travels to Miami, FL
Gives remarks and participates in a signing on the United States’ policy towards Cuba
Returns to Washington, D.C."
We are all united by our love of our GREAT and beautiful country.
"Today we celebrate the dignity of work and the greatness of the American worker.
Expanding Apprenticeships in America: http://bit.ly/2stwYia"
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history — led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, June 15th:
Daily intelligence briefing
Governors and Workforce of Tomorrow roundtable
Remarks on the Apprenticeship and Workforce of Tomorrow initiatives
Signs an Executive Order
Investiture Ceremony for Justice Neil Gorsuch"
Honoring our great American flag and all for which it stands. #FlagDay
Happy birthday to the U.S. Army and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Melania and I are grateful for the heroism of our first responders and praying for the swift recovery of all victims of this terrible shooting. Please take a moment today to cherish those you love, and always remember those who serve and keep us safe.
"President Donald J. Trump's statement on the shooting incident in Virginia:
The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely. We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected."
Congressman Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, June 14th:
Remarks at the Apprenticeship Initiative kickoff
Signs an Executive Order"
The passage of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I look forward to signing it!
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It’s totally broken. The Obstructionist Democrats gave up, but we’re going to have a real bill, not ObamaCare!
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
The fake news MSM doesn't report the great economic news we've had since Election Day. All of our hard work is kicking in and we're seeing big results!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, June 13th:
Daily intelligence briefing
Meeting with National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster
Lunch with members of Congress
Travels to Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Meeting with Obamacare victims
Statement on healthcare
Tours Waukesha County Technical College
Workforce development roundtable discussion
Remarks at a Friends of Governor Scott Walker reception
Returns to Washington, D.C."
Finally held our first full Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and bring REAL CHANGE to Washington.
Our miners are going back to work!
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting. #OrlandoUnitedDay
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, June 12th:
Receives National Security Council briefing
Leads Cabinet Meeting
Lunch with Vice President Mike Pence
Welcomes the 2016 NCAA Football National Champions: The Clemson Tigers"
The process to build is painfully slow, costly, and time consuming. My administration will END these terrible delays once and for all!
America is going to build again — under budget, and ahead of schedule.
Great honor to welcome President Klaus Iohannis to The White House today.
I was not elected to continue a failed system. I was elected to CHANGE IT.
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
One million new jobs, historic increases in military spending, and a record reduction in illegal immigration (75%). AMERICA FIRST!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, June 9th:
Receives daily intelligence briefing
Roads, Rails, and Regulatory Relief Roundtable
Delivers remarks
Bilateral meeting with the President of Romania
Expanded bilateral meeting with the President of Romania
Joint press conference with the President of Romania"
We will not let other countries take advantage of the United States anymore. We are bringing back OUR jobs!
We are keeping our promises — reversing government overreach and returning power back to the people, the way the country started.
From now on, we will follow a very simple rule — every day that I am President, we are going to make AMERICA FIRST.
You fought hard for me, and now I'm fighting hard for all of YOU.
Our government will once again CELEBRATE and PROTECT religious freedom.
We will REBUILD this country because that is how we will Make America Great Again!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, June 8th:
Remarks at Faith and Freedom Coalition’s Road to Majority Conference
Hosts Infrastructure Summit with Governors and Mayors"
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, and yes, to put #AmericaFirst!
The American People deserve the best infrastructure in the world!
Obamacare is in a total death spiral. We must fix this big problem so Americans can finally have the health care that they deserve!
"Happy birthday to Vice President Mike Pence! Let's make his first birthday in The White House a GREAT one by signing his card. 
>>> http://bit.ly/pence-card"
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, June 7th:
Receives daily intelligence briefing
Travels to Cincinnati, Ohio
Meets with Obamacare victims
Remarks on infrastructure initiative 
Returns to Washington, D.C."
Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative:
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology...Perhaps this will be the beginning of the END to the horror of terrorism!
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay
The FAKE mainstream media is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. I will not stop bringing my message directly to YOU, the American People!
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
"Our nation will move faster, fly higher, and soar proudly toward the next GREAT chapter of American aviation. 
>>> http://bit.ly/2rZNOWu"
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, June 6th:
Receives daily intelligence briefing
Meets with National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster
Meets with House and Senate leadership
Signs a bill
Dinner with Members of Congress"
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
"Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!
>>>http://45.wh.gov/pmRJsy"
Secretary Shulkin's decision to modernize the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs medical records system is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!
"We need the Travel Ban — not the watered down, politically correct version the Justice Department submitted to the Supreme Court, but a MUCH TOUGHER version!
We cannot rely on the MSM to get the facts to the people. Spread this message. SHARE NOW."
We will do everything in our power to assist the U.K. We send our thoughts and prayers, and we renew our resolve — stronger than ever before — to protect the United States and its allies. This bloodshed MUST END.
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, June 5th:
Receives daily intelligence briefing
Announces the Air Traffic Control Reform Initiative
Lunch with Vice President Mike Pence and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos
Hosts a reception for Gold Star Families with First Lady Melania Trump"
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse.
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
Today we reaffirmed our unbreakable support for the American HEROES who keep our streets, our homes, and our citizens safe.
Thrilled to be back in the U.S. after our first foreign trip — one that was full of historic and unprecedented achievements.
I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris —  so we’re getting out of the Paris Accord, and we’re making America GREAT again!
It is time to exit the Paris Accord and time to pursue a new deal that PROTECTS the environment, our companies, our citizens, and our COUNTRY. #AmericaFirst
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, June 2nd:
Receives daily intelligence briefing
Meets with Senator Lindsey Graham
Signs bills"
In order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the one-sided Paris Climate Accord. We will no longer be robbed at the expense of the American worker. We are putting America FIRST!
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord, today at 3:00 P.M. in the White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, June 1st:
Receives daily intelligence briefing
Meets with National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster
Statement regarding the Paris Accord"
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguy<U+1EC5>n Xuân Phúc to The White House this afternoon.
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at: http://45.wh.gov/tnmVr7
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal & replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, May 31st:
Receives daily intelligence briefing
Meets with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
Welcomes Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc of Vietnam
Meets with Nguyen Xuan Phuc
Expanded bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc"
"Buy American and hire American. Make sure your #MAGA hat isn't FAKE by watching how our hats are 100% #MadeInTheUSA!
Get the authentic hat today: shop.donaldjtrump.com/collections/headwear"
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & military. Very bad for U.S. This will change.
We honor the noblest among us -- the men and women who paid the ultimate price for victory and for freedom.